# Grade Calculator
This Grade Calculator is a web application designed to help students calculate their average grades across multiple subjects, with support for sub-grades and weighted percentages. It is built using Flask for the backend, with HTML, CSS, and JavaScript for the frontend.

Features
Add and Remove Subjects: Easily add or remove subjects dynamically.
Sub-Grades Support: Add multiple sub-grades for each subject, with individual percentages.
Weighted Calculation: Calculate weighted averages based on the percentage of each subject and sub-grade.
User-Friendly Interface: A clean and intuitive interface that simplifies the grade calculation process.
Responsive Design: The application is optimized for various screen sizes.
How It Works
Add Subjects: Click the "Add Subject" button to create a new subject entry.
Enter Details: For each subject, enter the subject name, grade, and the percentage it contributes to the total grade.
Add Sub-Grades (Optional): If a subject has sub-grades, click "Add Sub-Grade" to add them. Enter the type, grade, and percentage for each sub-grade. The sub-grades will be automatically calculated and averaged into the main subject grade.
Calculate Average: Once all subjects and sub-grades are entered, click "Calculate Average" to get your weighted average grade.
Files
HTML (index.html): The main structure of the web application, including the form for entering subjects and sub-grades.
CSS (styles.css): Styles for the application, providing a clean and responsive design.
JavaScript (script.js): Handles dynamic interactions, including adding/removing subjects and sub-grades and calculating the weighted average.
Python (gradecalc.py): The Flask backend that processes the form data, performs calculations, and returns the final weighted average.
Setup Instructions
Prerequisites
Python 3.x
Flask
Installation
Clone the repository:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/your-username/grade-calculator.git
cd grade-calculator
Install the required dependencies:

bash
Copy code
pip install Flask
Run the application:

bash
Copy code
python gradecalc.py
Open your web browser and go to http://localhost:5001 to use the application.

Usage
To add a subject, click the "Add Subject" button.
To add sub-grades, click the "Add Sub-Grade" button under the relevant subject.
To calculate the average, click the "Calculate Average" button.
The average grade will be displayed at the bottom of the page.
Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request with your improvements.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.